### Resume

<p>
<a href=/markdown/resume.pdf download=resume_tyler_gregg.pdf>Download very official PDF resume here</a>
</p>

Tyler Gregg is a frontend leaning full stack engineer with a passion for quality, automation, and creating business value. Experience in multiple organizations decomposing monolithic projects has helped him to hone skills useful in both legacy and modern applications. Tyler has skills across the entire stack, but a few set him apart:
 - **Passion for quality**:  After owning quality from front to back in several roles, Tyler knows what combination of unit, integration, and UI tests an application needs. He has leveraged containerization and CICD pipelines to help himself and others deploy without fear. 
 - **Extensive javascript tooling knowledge**: Tyler has spent a lot of time at his last two roles configuring the layers of transpilers, linters, test suites and pipeline jobs that sit between a React application and production. 
- **A little bit of everything**: Tyler has built applications spanning entire organizations, including node and elixir graphql servers, docker based local dev environments, internal Rust tools, and  most things frontend.  He's never afraid to reach out across product and architecture boundaries to meet new people and explore their perspective. 

#### Technical Skills

**Frontend:** HTML, CSS, Javascript, Typescript, Webpack, React, Redux, Apollo, Vue, NextJS

**Backend:** NodeJS, Python, Elixir, LiveView, Rest APIs, Graphql, websockets, Postgres, MySQL, MongoDB, gRPC, RabbitMQ, Kafka

**Testing:**  Jest, Mocha, React Testing Library, ExUnit, Cypress, Selenium, Testcafe, Saucelabs

**Deployment:** AWS Lambda, EC2, S3, SQS, Teamcity, Gitlab CI

**Development:** Git, Docker, Linux


#### Experience

##### Bill.com — Staff Software Engineer
MARCH  2021 - PRESENT
  - Built integration microservices to help accountants onboard new customers, using React, Typescript, GraphQL, gRPC, Kafka, and Elixir.
 - Moved to the architecture team, upgraded FE  monorepo from Webpack 4 to 5 and started moving select services out of monorepo.
 - Key contributor in parent company integration strategy, leveraging Webpack module federation and microservice knowledge.
 - Contributor to Rust internal CLI to automate engineer onboarding and management of Docker based organization-wide development environment.

##### Pluralsight  — Software Engineer
JUNE 2019 - MARCH 2021
  - Develop React, Typescript, and nodeJS applications to provision customers access to Pluralsight. This includes free access and checkout.
  - Collaborate with Microsoft, Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Marketplace, and other partners to provide custom subscription provisioning integrations.
  - Deprecated and replaced a large part of Pluralsight’s monolith application with focused microservices. Personally coordinated and marshalled the cutover process.
  - Build and maintain Docker development environments.  Integrated with Saucelabs to enable fully featured E2E testing in build pipelines.
  - Comply with strict unit, integration, and E2E testing required by the organization’s SOX compliance policies for revenue services.  

##### BuildingFit — Software Developer
NOVEMBER  2018 - JUNE 2019
  - Developed and tested energy management dashboards with Vue, D3, nodeJS, Jest and Selenium.  
  - Mapped building HVAC systems using machine learning based tools. Built datasets to help train the model. 

##### PROBAR — IT Specialist
APRIL 2017 - NOVEMBER 2018 
  - Primary IT technician managing 40 laptops and workstations. 
  - Primary Administrator for MS365, Box.com, and NetSuite CRM/ERP Systems.
  - Maintained HTML, CSS, and JavaScript templates with backbone.js for a NetSuite SuiteCommerce Advanced webstore.
  - Maintained and built features for WordPress marketing website.
  - Built and hosted business intelligence dashboards with Microsoft PowerBI. 

#### Education

**Westminster College,** Salt Lake City\
BS in Mathematics — May 2015

#### Links
 - [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tyler-gregg-803317103/)
 - [GitHub](https://github.com/CallMeHK)
 - <a href=/markdown/resume.pdf download=resume_tyler_gregg.pdf>PDF Resume</a>
 - <a href=#>tyler.gregg.ma@gmail.com</a>

